all right I'm Jose Perez and I'm the
owner of the Castillo farms we breed
these pigs here all these pigs have come
they've been born here all these pigs
were raised here born here and they do
great for us at the show we we order we
don't just use Corky as our boar we
always use the top cut show sires and
they're located in Ohio and we order
semen from them and it comes in within a
day and we breed them on the day that
they're in standing heat they come in a
heat every 21 days and that's when we
try to figure out their heat cycle so
that we know if they don't come in the
next the next month then they're not
bred so we have to re breed them but
they have to be bred within six months
before the Fair starts so that they can
grow to be around 250 pounds but here we
we sell our pigs for 200 to 250 dollars
we also clip their ears on the markings
they have on their ears we clip those as
tall tell us our identification we give
them our premise ID number tag and ours
are red and we also clip their tails we
clip their teeth if they're sucking on
the mama
we also castrate them here too but
that's a job that I'm I'm the one who's
supposed to do that because it's a
really it's a really hard job for them
the because if you cut them wrong it can
get infected or that the cut will be too
long and you cut into the meat so all
you want to do just do a small incision
behind the back legs right now we
currently have for the kids for the fair
we sell about maybe 60 65 pigs piglets
and we have around eight cells right now
and two boars we give them shots here
there are lots and there penicillin so
that they can stay healthy and we do
that when they're young so that it
doesn't bother them but you have to make
sure
that it's not in the meat directly that
way it doesn't give him a purple meat
right now we it costs about $450 to feed
our animals a month and that's just in
food that's not the panels that we buy
the water it doesn't include all that